[Documentation] update venia directory structure topic (#487)
magento-research/pwa-studio: pwa-devdocs/src/venia-pwa-concept/project-structure/index.md

[`.env.dist`][]
: A sample configuration file that defines important environment variables.
  Copy this file into a new `.env` file to use the project default values.

  The first change to make here is adjusting the `MAGENTO_BACKEND_URL` variable to the fully qualified URL of a Magento 2.3 instance.
  Read more on the [Venia setup][] page.

[`deployVeniaSampleData.sh`][]
: This file helps you to [Install Venia sample data][] into your Magento installation.
  Copy and execute this file in a Magento instance to install the sample data.

[`server.js`][]
: A node script that runs the UPWARD staging server when the `npm run stage:venia` command is used.

[`validate-environment.js`][]
: A node script that validates the `.env` environment file.

[`validate-queries.js`][]
: validates that all `.graphql` query files in the project are valid for the GraphQL schema of the Magento backend instance specified in `.env`.

[`venia-upward.yml`][]
: The [UPWARD server specification][] for the Venia PWA storefront.
  This file describes the server behavior for the middle tier service between the PWA and Magento.

[`webpack.config.js`][]

> 

Reviewer: Not sure if this matters but line 38 is blank here. All the other entries in this section immediately follow on the next line.

---
title: Venia project structure
---

This topic is an overview of the [`venia-concept`][] project structure.
It provides overview information about important directories and files to help you understand the different pieces of the project.

## Root directory files

The following is a list of important files in the root directory of the `venia-concept` package.

[`.env.dist`][]
: A sample configuration file that defines important environment variables.
  Copy this file into a new `.env` file to use the project default values.

[`deployVeniaSampleData.sh`][]
: A shell script that installs the Venia sample data.
  Copy and execute this file in a Magento instance to install the sample data.

[`server.js`][]
: A node script that runs the UPWARD staging server when the `npm run stage:venia` command is used.

[`validate-environment.js`][]
: A node script that validates the `.env` environment file.

[`validate-queries.js`][]

> : A node script that validates the GraphQL endpoint of the Magento backend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: validates that all `.graphql` query files in the project are valid for the GraphQL schema of the Magento backend instance specified in `.env`.
```

These CSS files are in the same directory and have the same base name as the components that uses them.
For example, the styles defined in `Footer/footer.css` are applied only to the component defined in `Footer/footer.js`.

For more information see [CSS modules][].

### `src/middleware`

> The `src/middleware` directory contains a component that logs actions and state to the browser console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `src/middleware` directory contains a Redux middleware for development that logs dispatched actions and updated state to the browser console.
```
